update documentation for manifest (#210)
CiscoTestAutomation/pyats: docs/manifest/introduction.rst

    manifest filename with the extension `.py`. E.g. the script filename for a manifest
    with filename of ``job.tem`` is ``job.py`` in the same directory as the manifest file.

.. note::

>     In case the associated script file is in a different location from the manifest you could use a symlink
>     to refering the script. To change the default behavior for using the symlink and change where to execute
>     the script you need to pass --follow-symlink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case the associated job file is in a different location from the manifest you can use a symlink
    to refer to the job.py file. By default the job will be executed in the directory where the manifest
    file is located. To change the execution directory and use the symlink target directory to execute
    the script you need to pass --follow-symlink.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ pyats run manifest job.tem --follow-symlink

>     $ job.py     # is a symlink for the associated script

Reviewer: Please add an empty line between the next section.

    manifest filename with the extension `.py`. E.g. the script filename for a manifest
    with filename of ``job.tem`` is ``job.py`` in the same directory as the manifest file.

.. note::
    In case the associated script file is in a different location from the manifest you can use a symlink
    to refer to the job.py. By default, the job will be executed in the directory where the manifest file is located.
    To change the execution directory and use the symlink target directory to execute the script you need
    to pass --follow-symlink.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ pyats run manifest job.tem --follow-symlink

>     $ job.py     # is a symlink for the associated script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $ job.py     # is a symlink for the associated script
    
```

    manifest filename with the extension `.py`. E.g. the script filename for a manifest
    with filename of ``job.tem`` is ``job.py`` in the same directory as the manifest file.

.. note::
    In case the associated script file is in a different location from the manifest you can use a symlink
    to refer to the job.py. By default, the job will be executed in the directory where the manifest file is located.
    To change the execution directory and use the symlink target directory to execute the script you need
    to pass --follow-symlink.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ pyats run manifest job.tem --follow-symlink

>     $ job.py     # is a symlink for the associated script

Reviewer: Please show symlink from the filesystem, e.g. 
```
ls -l job.py
lrwxr-xr-x  1 admin  wheel  20 Nov 29 11:36 job.py -> /tmp/job/path/job.py
```

This job will be executed in the `/tmp/job/path` directory.

Reviewer 3: > Please show symlink from the filesystem, e.g.
> 
> ```
> ls -l job.py
> lrwxr-xr-x  1 admin  wheel  20 Nov 29 11:36 job.py -> /tmp/job/path/job.py
> ```
> 
> This job will be executed in the `/tmp/job/path` directory.

@omehrabi
Did you see this note from a reviewer?
